Google box.
This is the story of three Billy goats,
gruff.
Once upon a time, there were three Billy Goat
Brothers who lived on a grassy hillside near
a river. There was little Billy goat, gruff,
middle, billy goat, gruff and great big billy
goat gruff. The largest of all the Billy Goat
Brothers lived happily on their hillside,
spending their days munching grass and
drinking cool water from the river. But then,
one terrible day, they looked around to see
that they had eaten all the grass on the
hillside.
Oh, no.
What will we eat now?
Cried little Billy goat, gruff.
Don't worry, little brother.
Said Middle Billy. Goat, gruff.
Look across the river. There's a lush meadow
over there filled with delicious grass.
That's right, said Big Billy goat, gruff.
All we have to do is cross the bridge and we
can eat all the grass we want.
But crossing the wooden bridge over the river
was dangerous. The Billy Goat Brothers knew
that an awful, smelly troll lived underneath
the bridge, and his favorite thing to eat in
the whole wide world was Billy Goat.
Who crossed the bridge first?
Ask great big Billy Goat. Finally, little
Billy Goat, Gruff spoke up.
I will trust the bridge first.
He took a deep breath and trotted down the
hillside. I pity Klopp, Klopp, Klopp when his
hooves on the wooden bridge.
Ooze that clip Klopp in Oman.
Pre-match shouted the troll.
Shy. Billy drought dwarf.
Sid the youngest Billy goat trying to sound
brave.
And going over the river to eat the dwarfs on
the other side.
Oh, no, you're not.
Said the horrible troll, and he climbed up
onto the bridge. His skin was green and his
nose was long and crooked. He had warts on
his skin and sharp yellow teeth in his mouth.
I'm going to eat you instead.
Little Billy goat gruff was very scared of
the smelly old troll. But he was also a very
smart billy goat.
I don't think you want to eat me. You see,
I'm the smallest billy goat. I won't make a
very good meal. But if you wait, my old
Nevada mineral billy goat will come along.
He's much bigger than me.
You might cross the bridge.
And so little Billy goat, gruff clip Eddie
Klopp the rest of the way over the bridge and
was soon in the lush meadow on the other side
of the river. The two other Billy Goat
Brothers saw that their youngest brother was
safe. I'll go next, said Middle Billy Goat,
gruff. And off he went across the wooden
bridge. Clipper Klopp. Klopp Cryptic.
Klopp who's glib?
Klopp No more bridge.
Shouted the troll.
It is I middle billy goat gruff.
I'm going over the river to join my brother
in the meadow.
The smelly troll climbed up onto the wooden
bridge a second time.
I know you're.
Not. He hissed.
Because I'm going to eat you in state.
It all. Billy Goat Gruff was scared of the
troll, but like his younger brother, he was
also a smart goat.
You could eat me, but you would be making a
mistake if you just wait a short while. My
older brother, great big billy goat, gruff.
He's the biggest of.
All of us and.
Would certainly make the best meal.
He writes.
You might cross the bridge.
And so middle billy goat, gruff flip flop the
rest of the way over the bridge and were soon
in the lush meadow with his younger brother
on the hillside. Great big billy goat gruff
could see that both his brothers had made it
safely across the river. And so off he went
down the hill and onto the wooden bridge.
Clip the clip. Clip Klopp. Clip Klopp.
Proves that. Clip Klopp in my bridge.
Said the troll.
It is I great big billy goat gruff.
I'm going over the river to join my brothers
in the meadow.
The vile troll climbed up onto the wooden
bridge a third time.
Oh, no, you're not.
Because I'm going to wake you and stay dead.
But unlike his younger brother's great big
Billy goat, Gruff was not afraid of the
terrible troll. The large goat stamped his
hooves, lowered his great big horns, and
charged at the troll rash.
He rammed the troll right off the bridge. The
horrible, ugly, smelly troll fell into the
river with a great. And so great big billy
goat, gruff clip clop the rest of the way
over the bridge. And we're soon in the lush
meadow with little billy goat, gruff and
middle Billy goat gruff. The three Billy Goat
Brothers spent the rest of their days happily
munching green grass and drinking cool water
from the river. And the ugly troll was never,
ever seen again.
The end.
It to please like the video and subscribe to
our channel so you can stay updated.
On all our new videos by.